docs: include `--no-rollback`  flag description and warning of its usage (#3333)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/commands/svc-deploy.en.md

  -n, --name string                    Name of the service.
      --resource-tags stringToString   Optional. Labels with a key and value separated by commas.
                                       Allows you to categorize resources. (default [])
      --no-rollback bool               Optional. Disable automatic stack

>                                        rollback in case of a deployment failure.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
                                       rollback in case of deployment failure.
```

                                       We do not recommend using this flag for a
                                       production environment.
      --tag string                     Optional. The service's image tag.
```

!!!info

>     The `--no-rollback` flag should **never** be used for a production environment as it may introduce service downtime. 

Reviewer 2: I think we should refrain from using absolute terms 😂 in our docs just in case a customer has a valid reason, we could highly discourage it though
```suggestion
    The `--no-rollback` flag is **not** recommended while deploying to a production environment as it may introduce service downtime. 
```

    If the deployment fails when automatic stack rollback is disabled, you may be required to manually start the stack 

>     rollback of the stack via AWS console or AWS CLI before the next deployment. 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    rollback of the stack via the AWS console or AWS CLI before the next deployment. 
```
